feat: better segment info (#3243)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/reference/deploy/configuring-unleash.md

start();
```

### Segment limits {#segments}

:::caution

> Changing segment limits could have adverse impacts on the performance of Unleash SDKs and cause network congestion. Think twice before changing these values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changing segment limits could have an adverse impact on the performance of Unleash SDKs and cause network congestion. Think twice before changing these values.
```
or maybe 
```suggestion
Changing segment limits could have a negative impact on the performance of Unleash SDKs and cause network congestion. Think twice before changing these values.
```
Which I heard more frequently

Reviewer 2: Sure! Negative is probably clearer than adverse, so that's good 😄
